Improve NF9 Zephyr docs. (#118)
blues/app-accelerators: 09-valve-monitor/firmware/zephyr/README.md

1. Start VS Code and select File > Open Folder and pick this folder (`09-valve-monitor/firmware/zephyr`).
1. Follow the instructions for your OS in the [Zephyr SDK docs' "Building the Dev Container" section](https://dev.blues.io/tools-and-sdks/firmware-libraries/zephyr-sdk/#building-the-dev-container).
1. Edit `src/main.c` to associate the firmware with your Notehub project. Uncomment `// #define PRODUCT_UID "com.your-company:your-product-name"` and replace `com.your-company:your-product-name` with [your project's ProductUID](https://dev.blues.io/notehub/notehub-walkthrough/#finding-a-productuid).
1. Follow the [Zephyr SDK docs' "Building and Running" section](https://dev.blues.io/tools-and-sdks/firmware-libraries/zephyr-sdk/#building-and-running).

Now, the code should be running on the Swan. If you want to look at the serial logs or debug the code, check out the [Zephyr SDK docs' "Debugging" section](https://dev.blues.io/tools-and-sdks/firmware-libraries/zephyr-sdk/#debugging).

## Testing

Refer to the [testing section the Arduino documentation](../arduino/#testing).

## Additional Resources

> Though we advise using the VS Code + Dev Containers workflow described here, you can also install Zephyr and its dependencies locally. You can build, flash, and debug code in your native environment using Zephyr's [`west` tool](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/west/index.html). See [Zephyr's Getting Started Guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though we only support using the VS Code + Dev Containers workflow described here, you can also install Zephyr and its dependencies locally. You can build, flash, and debug code in your native environment using Zephyr's [`west` tool](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/west/index.html). See [Zephyr's Getting Started Guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/getting_started/index.html) for more information.
```
